>> Scott Moss: The other thing about
inside of resolvers is that any errors
that you have in here,
so if I just come in,
I throw an error,
>> Scott Moss: Your server will not crash.
So in Express, if you put the rest API,
if you just throw an error,
your server is gonna crash,
it's gonna die.
That doesn't happen here, and
that's because GraphQL wraps all
your resolvers in a tri-catch.
And if there's an error that's thrown,
it catches it and
sends it back to the client as an error.
So any error that ever
happens automatically gets
sent back to the client as an error.
So you don't have to worry about catching
your errors in the resolver if you
don't want to.
I mean, there are still some
scenarios where you would,
like you don't want this error to go back.
And instead, you wanna retry or if you're
doing transactions or something like that.
Yeah, you still might wanna do that but
for
the sake of like not breaking
your server throwing error.
You don't have to because these graph
fill implementations catch it for you and
send it back.
Now, do you want that error
being sent back to the client?
Probably not, so that's where they allow
you to format the errors that they catch.
And you can say, I wanna format this
error to get rid of the stack trace or
rename it, or put a specific error code or
something like that.
So you might get into
the habit of creating custom
error classes that you create yourself.
So when an error happens,
you'll throw that custom error class.
And then your error formatter
knows what to do when it sees that
custom error class being thrown,
and so forth.
So it can get pretty advanced with
the error handling stuff there.